## Islandora Metadata Interest Group - Authorities Subgroup Agenda
### Monday, February 6, 2017
### 1:00pm EST
---
#### Joining the Call

The meeting will take place over Skype. To participate, please e-mail Felicity Dykas (DykasF [at] missouri [dot] edu) with the Skype username at which you wish to be called.

#### Agenda Items

* Review notes from previous meeting
* Review use cases




#### Meeting Notes

1. Notes from previous meeting:  https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Authorities-Subgroup/Meetings/Agenda_20160607.md

2. Review Use Cases

Use Cases
* Authority Term Import (Kevin): Autocomplete when entering metadata and the inclusion of linked data that enables dynamic updating of display strings are separate use cases. This use case may require architecture that doesn’t exist yet.  Ideally, the subject and genre authorities will be stored as identifiers, though interim steps may be needed until that is possible. 
* Accessing information about entities and resources associated with entities from entities lists (Joseph): The current Islandora entities module (example: http://data.researchspaces.ca/browse_scholars_dt), is not useful for non-institutional repository uses. The entities module needs to be expanded beyond institutional repository uses.
* Look-up feature using auto-complete and type-ahead functionality, that will search through existing subject or name heading files and allow a cataloger to select the authorized access point and to link to the record, which may be stored locally or available at a remote site. (Felicity)
* The ability to store authority data imported to Islandora using a URI, and the ability to dynamically display a text string to the user using that URI. (Felicity)
* Batch editing of metadata. (Not assigned).  This exists in XQuery now. See sample XQuery queries using Islandora XQuery. Still good to contribute it as a use case to get it on CLAW developer radar, and consider options to execute batch editing in a way that doesn't involve the need to know scripting. More: Drupal Views Bulk Operations
* The ability to use information in authority records (aka entity records) for persons, corporate bodies, places, and subjects. Users might click on an access point or information button and retrieve information from the record, or the information in the record could be linked to additional resources of interest to users. Linkable fields might collocate associated information. E.g., persons born in England. The information might be used during the discovery process or to display information related to a chosen resource. (Not yet assigned)
